welcome to pro trucks plus calms Matt
Hicks we got a really killer looking
truck here it's a 2008 chevrolet
suburban LTZ fully loaded 28,000 miles
California born and raised registered
through March of 2011 it's got a lot of
stuff on it guys and there's not a flaw
on this car I challenge you to find one
this thing's that I'm looking at just to
start we got brand new tires the
vehicles just been aligned on the front
and got running boards you've got the
chrome package you got the billet
package you got fog lamps of course 20
inch wheels power liftgate is nice it's
also got the the quad captain's chair so
kids won't be touched each other when
you're driving we also got the heated
seats the memory seats the powerful
mirrors and it's just an absolutely
exceptional shape it's a nonsmoker we've
got it from the first boner and done got
a lot of nice things in here it just
will fire it up here and I'll take you
for a quick little drive a couple things
we've got is we've got the power fold
seats we've got the homelink we've got
the ability to turn the passenger side
airbag off electrochromatic mirror of
course your navigation unit this has
heated seats it's got adjustable pedals
parking sensors skid control in a rear
window wiper you've got little places
here to put your drinks and put your
other stuff that's a non-smoker vehicle
redundant radio controls with all of
your computer control settings just a
little itty bitty 28,000 miles on this
units and it looks just as new as it
possibly can there's your cruise control
there I'm going to put the windows up
we've got airbags um up here in the
pillars we've got them
back here you've got them also in the
second row back there in the back and
we've got bows I mean it's just it's
just a full load it's been well taken
care of it's a great color combination
if you've been looking for one of these
things you know what I mean we're
located in livermore at 45 46 contractor
place and that's back behind lowes if
you're here in town or your local if
you're not local we're here in town now
we're close to the san francisco san
jose san fran oakland and sacramento
airports let me give it a little gas
here just feel that power come on it's
just as smooth as silk it floats down
the road and the brakes are smooth as
they could possibly be off you hurry up
and come get this it's got three
quarters of a tank of gas so don't be
shy if you're thinking can't find a nice
clean unit like this somewhere in the
state that you're in and you're looking
for something that you can be proud to
pull up in and know when it comes in on
the truck and gets dropped off on your
driveway it's everything it was
described nothing but it's all original
take a look at it there and being the
LTZ they're real expensive to buy new so
if you're looking for a used used
suburban and want to save some money I
think this one was close to 50 grand new
and probably was a little bit more i'm
not i don't have the sticker but i know
how much these things run anyways our
number is 925 449 4747 let me just pan
around here so you can see how nice and
clean this unit is and look at the
headliner on it also it's got the nav so
you can you know figure out where you're
going I know where we're going we're
heading right back to our shop right now
to go park this bad boy and put it in
our warehouse and be waiting for your
calls on if you're looking for clean
California units we're definitely your
place to find them and
we look forward to earning your business
at pro trucks plus comm LLC my name is
Matt Hicks and look forward to doing
business with you if you'd like to get
an out the door quote that's not a
problem we can definitely provide one
for you and make it a real simple
transaction and get you a shipping quote
all wrapped up in that price I once
again our number is 9 to 5 4 for 9 47 47
and that's our building we're just
pulling in right now I'm going to do one
more quick walk around the car lights
here in the shades you can really take a
look and see what it is that you're
getting in buying I think you're going
to be really really impressed with the
quality that we offer here and
definitely give us a call today if
you're thinking you might like this nice
unit 9 to 5 4 for 9 47 47 thank you